hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1989 comedy Ghostbusters to
the second Ghostbusters Phil so let's
get started this summary does rely in
part that you've seen the previous film
if you'd like to see a summary however
check out the link below the film takes
place five years after the events of the
previous film and the Ghostbusters have
gone their separate ways after being
sued for property damage that occurred
through the events of the first film
causing them to go out of business Donna
who has had a baby named Oscar now works
as an art restorer working on a portrait
of the 16th century tyrant named Rico
after an incident with Oscars baby
carriage that seemed supernatural Donna
contacts the ghostbusters meanwhile one
of ghana's colleagues dr. janusz boa
becomes increasingly interested in the
painting of Vigo and we see that yeah no
she is under the spell of the paintings
Vigo spirit is within the painting and
needs to possess a child so that he can
return to life by the new year the
Ghostbusters begin to investigate and
discover a river pink slime underneath
the city of New York the Ghostbusters
invert Lee cause a citywide blackout and
are subsequently arrested and taken to
court after being found guilty the
courtroom is attacked by ghosts the
Ghostbusters capture the ghost and the
charges are dismissed and they are
allowed to reopen their business of
ghost catching the pink slime invades
down his apartment and attacks both her
and Oscar the Ghostbusters discovered
that the slime can react to different
emotions both positive and negative and
they believe that the slime is a result
of negative attitudes of New York
citizens Donna's son Oscar is kidnapped
by a spirit that looks very much like ya
know SH and by New Year's Eve the pink
slime is flooding the streets causing
widespread paranormal activity the
Ghostbusters try to get into the
slime-covered museum but are
unsuccessful the Ghostbusters then
utilize the slimes ability to react to
positive energy and use a remixed
version of the song higher and higher
in order to animate the Statue of
Liberty which gets the on looking
citizens excited and happy increasing
the positive mood they use the torch on
the Statue of Liberty to break into the
museum in order to fight ya know SH and
the spirit of Vigo Vigo tries to
transfer his spirit into Oscar but the
crowd outside singing weakens him
returning him back into the painting for
a moment vigal possesses Ray but the
ghostbuster shoot him with the proton
streams as well as the positively
charged mood slime Vigo is destroyed and
his painting is changed to show the
Ghostbusters protecting Oscars outside
of the museum the Ghostbusters receive a
standing ovation and later on they
received the key to the city from the
mayor so that was the spoilers for
ghostbusters 2 if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching